# up206A-andrew
## Profile
I am a first-year MURP student pursuing a certificate in Urban Design & Mobility. While I am originally from St. Louis, Missouri, I have spent the last 6 years of my life living/working in Boston, MA after graduating from Boston College. I studied real estate finance and international studies at BC and concentrated most of my coursework/extracurriculars on housing and urban development. My project experience includes affordable housing design and redevelopment, urban revitalization, and community development. After graduating BC, I worked for a real estate consulting firm in Boston, exploring ways to improve social and spacial cohesion at at higher educational institutions in the US. 

Through these experiences, I have come to understand the relationship between community, policy, and design. Working in campus planning since my graduation from Boston College both refined these learnings and helped me discover that my true passion lies in their intersection: in finding equilibrium between policy and design for communities that maximizes the outcomes of their inhabitants. This union is what I hope to study and explore. After UCLA, I hope to work at a firm that designs cities of the future, developing systems/neighborhoods that accentuate the positives and ameliorate the ills of modern urban life. 

## Course Description

My understanding is that this course is built to give students a working knowledge of Python, data science, and GIS. I have no prior Python or GIS experience, though I recognize that knowledge of these is useful in many careers in Urban Planning (and, on a broader scale, many careers period!). Since this course is introductory, I do not believe it is meant to produce 30 experts of data science; rather, its aim is to make us better urban planners by giving us a foundational knowledge of data science, Python, coding, etc. 

## Project Ideas
I don't have a specific project idea that I bring to the course (perhaps this is something that this course will inspire), though I am interested in how data science and technology can be used to better understand urban populations. While I was living in Boston, I came across some research through a peer of mine at MIT. MIT's media lab has a "City Science" group that studies how technology can aid in city planning, and one of their nascent research interests invovles the use of GANs (generative adversarial networks) to create populations more representative of the actual demographies of cities. This could lead to more inclusive planning, equitable policy, better design, etc. While I am not a computer scientist, I do believe that this research is important and could be an interesting space for a future project. 

## Course Objectives
I hope to walk out of this course with a better knowledge of Python, GIS, and data science than I do today. While I do not expect to be an expert (and while I will likely not pursue a career as a data scientist), I do hope that the knowledge gained in this course will make me a better urban planner. 
